README.md, before:

# actordb [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/CodeLionX/actordb.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/CodeLionX/actordb) [![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/abdd28a9ddd441e49bbb3e73a05d7779)](https://www.codacy.com/app/sebastian-schmidl/actordb?utm_source=github.com&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=CodeLionX/actordb&amp;utm_campaign=Badge_Grade) [![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Coverage/abdd28a9ddd441e49bbb3e73a05d7779)](https://www.codacy.com/app/CodeLionX/actordb?utm_source=github.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=CodeLionX/actordb&utm_campaign=Badge_Coverage)
Actor Database System


## Contributing
If you want to contribute to this project, you are more then welcome to do so.
Please read the [contribution guidlines](./CONTRIBUTING.md) before submitting new issues or pull requests.
  - [Create bug report](https://github.com/CodeLionX/actordb/issues/new?template=bug_report_template.md)
  - [Create issue](https://github.com/CodeLionX/actordb/issues/new?template=issue_template.md)

Commit message:

Add link to paper [skip ci]

README.md, after:

# actordb [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/CodeLionX/actordb.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/CodeLionX/actordb) [![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/abdd28a9ddd441e49bbb3e73a05d7779)](https://www.codacy.com/app/sebastian-schmidl/actordb?utm_source=github.com&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=CodeLionX/actordb&amp;utm_campaign=Badge_Grade) [![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Coverage/abdd28a9ddd441e49bbb3e73a05d7779)](https://www.codacy.com/app/CodeLionX/actordb?utm_source=github.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=CodeLionX/actordb&utm_campaign=Badge_Coverage)

Actor Database System Framework built with Akka.
To learn more about this project please consult our [paper (GI Digital Library)](https://dl.gi.de/handle/20.500.12116/21810)




## Contributing
If you want to contribute to this project, you are more then welcome to do so.
Please read the [contribution guidlines](./CONTRIBUTING.md) before submitting new issues or pull requests.
  - [Create bug report](https://github.com/CodeLionX/actordb/issues/new?template=bug_report_template.md)
  - [Create issue](https://github.com/CodeLionX/actordb/issues/new?template=issue_template.md)
