# Meeting Minutes

28.05.2018

Participants:

- Sebastian Schmidl
- Frederic Schneider
- Thorsten Papenbrock
- other teams

## Agenda

1. Group-Sync, Feedback

   - ask-pattern is bad :D
     --> find a way to replace it
   - we may want to encapsulate the LUTs for request in actor state

2. Mid-term presentation

   - on 21.06.2018 9:15, HPI Campus II, Building F
   - in english
   - find order of groups
    
## Next Meeting

tbd
